You are the Xiao family riding on the Kobayashi sky
Seven years ago, I was framed and kicked out of my house
Since then, Ning Ye has been changed without injustice
Long Yuan, you really wanted to be a leader back then
Why would I kill him?
I was framed
Why did Xiao Lingtian kill Da Tongling?
Kill Da Tongling
I am Wei Zi
Biao Xiao Chenghai
The evidence is conclusive
But your grandson refuses to plead guilty
The king is still waiting for your news
I am a man of wishes
From now on
Fly to Xiao Lingtian
systemic veins
Like leaving home
fend for itself
You keep saying that you don't want to marry into my Xiao family
But he found the young master of my Xiao family
I thought he was looking for a crap contract
I didn't expect it to be a labor prisoner Lin Qianzhang
I think your Lin family is really going to die
Peng Miaoyin, I'll give you two options.
Or marry you
Or bear the anger of my Xiao family
Don't you think
I have only married a woman like Rong Yuan in my life
I will never marry a bully like you